# Cross-Dimensional Forgery Pattern Extraction for Generalizable Forgery Localization Framework

Image forgery technologies are iterating rapidly, becoming increasingly sophisticated and posing severe challenges to forgery detection. Existing localization methods extract forgery features via supervision signals but rely on massive samples to learn diverse forgery patterns, leading to poor generalization to unseen forgery techniques. From the image space perspective, specific correlation patterns exist between pixels, with significant differences between real and forged images. Thus, this paper proposes the **C**ross-**D**imensional Forgery Pattern Extraction for Generalizable **F**orgery **L**ocalization Framework (**CDFL**), which extracts forgery traces from pixel correlation patterns to achieve high-precision, generalizable localization. CDFL amplifies real-forged pixel correlation differences in two dimensions: spatial and frequency domains. In the spatial domain, spatial randomness features are obtained via entropy calculation; in the frequency domain, frequency periodicity features are extracted through local window frequency filtering. Subsequently, a balanced residual map of the two features is constructed to accurately characterize forgery patterns in the cross-dimensional space, significantly improving generalization. Furthermore, Attention Map Assisted forgery localization is proposed to amplify unique correlation trajectories of forged regions between encoder-decoder skip connections, enhancing the feature response of forged regions. Experimental results verify that {\bf CDFL} exhibits excellent generalization, with an F1-score approximately 5\% higher than current state-of-the-art methods.